5r‘7

“ A royal tribute of gold, duly counted, may be abhorred ;
because pcrjury and treachery are odious. I seek not to
procure advantage, by undermining the laws of our song.
No one shall discover the secret which is committed to me
by a brother, a man of wisdom, eminently skilled in the
studies of the Sywedycld, Concerning the bird ofwratlff,
concerning the resolvent †—conccrning the changes of the
describer (ff man, and concerning men well versed in our
hymns. [t is the mystery of the god, who has appreciated
the desert of the transgression os Bardism, which he
gave, together with its secret, the Awenjnot to be di-
vulged.

“ And seven score personifications pertain to the A {cen :-—-
in the deep, which is void os wrath—in the deep, where
extreme indignation dwells—in the deep, beneath the ele-
ments—and in the slcy, above the elements.

“ There is, who knows that state of pensive meditation,
which is better than chccrfulness. Ι know the laws of the
endowments of the Aaou, when they stream forth—con-
cerning the secrets of the understanding—-concerning the
blessed dayS, or gods (Diazc)—concerning an inoffensive
course of life—concerning the ages of deliverancc—con-
cerning that which beseems princeS, and the durati0110f
their bliss,-and concerning the analogy of things on the
face of the earth?—

Gwyzh, und Edrwyth, soem to be, terma of augury.

“ r Two lines which interrupt the senssse are here omitted as spurious,

