560

wing towards the puter spheres, which roll in the immensity
of space.

‘⁶‘ As soon as α new body isformed, they enter it wille im-
·patz'ence, helzaha, ancl give it animation. Noc leaving
attainecl that purity which anites them to tlte sun, tlte
genius qs' ίΙιείν system, they wonder in tlte forms oftlee

various anima-Is, which people the air, the earth, aud
the scas. “

“ The Prince is carried up into the vortex of the moona
Here, millions of souls traverso vast plains of icc, where
they lose all perccpt'mn, but. that, of simple existence.
They forget the course of adventures in which they have
been engaged, and which they are now to reconnnenee.
On long tubes of darkness, caused by an eclipse, they re·-
turn 'to the earth. They are revived by a particle of light
from the sun, whose emanatiohs quicken all sublunary
things. They begin anew the career of life.

“ Towards the disi< of the sun, the young Prince ap·
proacheS, at first, with awful dread3 bnt presently, with
inconceivable rupture, and ‹lc-light. This glorious body
consists of an asscmblage qunrc sauls, swinnning in an
ocean of bliss. It is the abode of the blessed——of the
seges—of the friends of mankind.

“ The happy souis, when tlzlricc purified in the suu,‚ascent}
to a succession of still higher sphercs, froin whence they
can no more descend, to traverso tho circle of those globos
and stum, which float in a less pure atmosphere.

 

