,552

'the religion “ of the new-comers from Asia? till he un-
(lertook a journey to Asgard for information. It was,
therefore, clearly the opinion of the writer, who compilecl
the Edcla, that the godS, and the religion which he de-
scribes, did not anciently belong to the north-west of Eu·-
rope, but were imported recently out of Asia,

It was the most prominent characteristic of the Hyper-
bor-cans, that they never molested their neighbonrs, They
made no conquest,—they displaced no other tribes, or
nations,—they were the aboriginal possessors of the land
which they occupied: whereas the Goths represent them-
seh-es, and have been represented by others, not as the
first inhabitants, but as the conquerors of those north-

western region& in which they established their tenets of
religion.

⁷ The Runic Scalds preserve traditions of a more 'ancient
religion, which prevailed in those very countries, and
which embraced the system of transmigration.

The manners of a people always bear anal‹‘)gy to their*
sentiments of religion. That of the Golhs, was calculated
with peculial· address, to inspire active heroism, and mili-
taryenterprise. It was, therefore, absolutely incompatible
with IIy22e1‘b07·ea›z zealots, who placed their heroism in
passive courage, and patient forbearance. Oslin, or either⁴
of his relations, could never have been a god of tlceir
Crccd.

Their whole history declares, that none of thern could
have laen enrolled under the banner of ‘⁶ Tae terrible and

