361

without having heard the similar cry of another child, and,
in a few months, long before it has made any efforts, to
lcarn, or imitate, the lauguage of social compact, it can
inform an attentive nurse, by its tones, and warblingS,
whether it is angry, or pleasecl, in pain, or at case.

It is, therefore, clear, that an utterance of particular
soumis, adzxpted, by their nature, to their proper occasions,
whether, by the human, or brute creation, is not invaria-
bly, acquired by the car, and produced by an imitation of
similar toncs3 but may arise, from certain aptitudes‚ which
God, by the laws of nature, has implanted in the several de-
scriptions of his creatures, sor the communication of their
perceptions amongst one another.

WVere itpracticable to seclude a couple of ebutham—as an
Egyptian tyrant is said to have done,——without suffering
them to hear the voice of man, or animal, it cannot be
doubted, but they would acquire the use of oral signs,
which they would mutual] y understand.

It is not pretended, by me, that Ichrezc would be their lan-
guage,-——as it has been imagined by some 3—but they would
surely acquire a few simple notes, to express, intelligibly,
the general sensation excited in them, by objects that pre-
sented themselves, or by emotions of their own minds.

Could their lives be kept up to nine centul·ieS‚——like those
of the first linguist,—they would uuavoidably extend their
vocabulary, aud would improve their grammar, so far as to
have acopious provision of definite, and proper terms, for
the most familiar obj-sets, aud a power to communicate
ideas of the most obvious forins in existence, or in actions;

