313

Notwithstanding these marks of distinction, there are
known circumstances, which point out the extreme proba-
bility of their affinities, and close relations to the Celtae.

The general term, by which we distinguish the northern
alphabet, is Rzm. This term, Sir H. Spclman, as well as
other learned men, traces to the Saron, Ryne, which imports
a mystety, or leiddcn thing. The Celtoe call their system of
symbols, Rau, and Rldn, which, in the Irislz, and Wclsla
languages, have precisely the same import.

Though one, and the same power, be not constantly repre-
sented by a similar character, in both al phabets, yet, the series
of Runic, and Barcle'c characters, taken altogether, have an
astonishing resemblance, between each other, and, in the
various copies of limes, taken from old inscriptions, cha-
racters appear, which are exaetly the same as in the Bardic
alphabrt.

In those instanccs, wherein the Runic letters differ from
the Barclic, the former still appear like sketches of the
sprigs of ἰιϊιέ, either single, or combined: and the terms,
by which the Gothic nations describe their letters, suggest
the idea, that they were so understood. Thus, an alpha-
betie character in Safon, or old English, was called boc-
παῖε, a book-staff. Versteg. Chap. vii.

Sammcs, P. 441, quotes Ranic verses, which he thus
translates, “ Thou knowest the lecs, and loose charac-
ters, radna staffi'j' rod slaves, or letters, &cu

And again, P. 443,he thus translates a quotation from the
Edda :···--“ That, 12, lknow, if l see on the top of wood,

