41

and of the descendants of the former, the sacred name is
Jehovah‚ without any variation, excepting once, in α speech

quvc.

The use of these terms as herc described is, I think, a pecu-
liarity which could not well have happened, in the original
and entire composition of one age, one country, and one mam
For however the mysterious meaning of the ternis themselves
may be discriminated, yet Elohim iu the first chapter, arrd
Jehovah lelohim, in the second and third, are evidently used
in a synonymous sense, and precisely the same operations are
ascribed to them.

Chap. V. begins with an appropriate title, which more paro
ticularly indicates a distinet and independent composition:-
“ This is the Book (or Record) of the generation of Adam?
Here again, the history of the creation of man is briefly
recited, as an inti-odue‘tion to this separate book, which is
complete in its kiud3 for it begins from the creation and
concludes with the birth of the sons of Noah. May it not be
regarded as a transcript from an authentic genealogical table
or pedigree‚ which had been regularly kept in the family of
this patriarch?

We have afterwards—“ These are the generations of Noah*
ί( These are the generations of the sons of Noah,⁷' &a These
things I cannot but consider as internal proofs, that Moses
has not only alluded to writings which existed before his own
time, but has actually given us transcripts of some of the
compositions of the primitive ages: and that the book of
Genesis, like other historical parts of the scripture, consists in
a great measure os compilations from more early document&
May not these several Books, which recapitulato the same
events, and the matter of which has not been wholly for-gotten

