‚axw'ff ”

,72

They were the children of Shem and of Arphaxad, and the
genuine ancestors of the J ewish nation.

These were the people who possessed that part of Chaldea,
which lay between the rivers, from the time of the general
allotment in the days of Peleg3 who afterwards, upon the
destruction of Nimrod's kingdom, began to extend their
dominion over Babylonia, and held it for many ages, till it
was incorporated with the growing empire of Ashur. And
these were the people who raised the fame of Babylon to such
eminence in the annals of ancient lore.

WVhether this celebrated city was part of their intended
patriinony or not, they seem to have been put in peaceable
possession of it, in the days of Arphaxad, the restorer of the
&72⁹2 ’

The names of the descendants of Shem, in the line down to
Abraham , are evidently descriptive of the successive conditions

-οῗ the Chaldcan family. As it is probable that the precise

meaning of these names is not always to be obtained from the
Hebrew dialect, Ι could wish to see it investigatcd by a good
general orientalist, a character to which I have no pretensiou.
On the present occasion, I must content myself with setting
them down in their order, together with those derivations and
interpretations which are usually given, and adding a few
conJthures.

'namn-i& Arphaxad, from &m He healed, repaired, restored,
consolidatcd, D, an adverb of similitude, and *my Devastation.

But as '‘rw: thus derived, is not likely to have formed the
name os a great pcople, may it not imply 2 according tO, ’Ἶῐυ
the Almighty, the Disposer: intiuiating that they were the

