392

their symbols, in the oldest alphabets, to have only been
five, each produced, in its peculi-ar seat of utterance. Per-
haps they were nearly as follows :-A, as Ha, in half ; or
A, in father, uttered from our throat‚ without coum-action
of the tongue, 01· lips.

ἡ E, somewhat broader than bea, in licat, or ea, in beat,

from the root of the palate, by a cona-aetion of the tongue
in that part.

I, as the pronoun he, or ee, in νικας-110111 the fore part
of the palute, by keeping the tongue nearly in contact, and
thrusting it forwards.

O, as lio, in hold, or the interjection O,-—fr0m the lips,
by forming them into va round orifice, thrusting them for-
wards, and retraeting the tongue.

U, as hoo, in boot, or O, in move, resulted from the eon-
cave sound of the whole mouth, by a ren-aetion of the
tongue, and an elevation of the eheeks, and lips, in which
the latter were almost closed,

Amongst these volatile clementes of language, great
changes have been introduced. Their powers have so much
varied, as to havebeen mistaken for each other: and ον..
thography, which, in all countries, creeps but slowly after
<the mode of utteranee, lias frequently substituted one
vocal symbol for the other. The variations from the vowels'
of primitive words, in the formation of Greek verbs, for
instance, are so numerous, that it would be difficult‚ if
not impraeticable, to reduce them into any system. But,
with such changes, l have little to do in my essay: sor my
business only is with primitive terms, which, in' general,

