122

history, which they are known to have possessed. These are
features marked, and clear enough, to point them out as a
nation regularly constituted under the auspices os its pa-
triarohs. They could not have originatecl in those fugitives
who had been driven out from society, or have reached their
lVestern destination, in the chara8ter of unconneeled and

unprincipled savages.

—n-——m

The perplexity and scantiness of ancient evidence leave so
much obscurity in the earliest account of nmions, that, when
the subjecit has been handled by men of consummate abilities
and of accute research, the discussion has generally closed
in doubt at the best. I must therefore bespeak the candour of
my Readers, in theirvjudgment of the ozztlines which I have
endeavoured tQ traee, concerning the origin of the Celtae,
und of the arguments which I offer in support ¹of my opinion,
that the fundamental principles qf Druidz'sm accompanz'ed that
watien, from its very source. Andr deem it a fortunate cir-
cumstance, that my objee't and plan do not require of me to
enter minutely, or deeply‚ into these topics.

The Celtae, whether under that name, or called Cimmcrn',
Galli, BrigeS, Brigantes3 or known by other, and very nu·-
'merous designations, appropriated either to the whole, or to
certain branchos of the nation, are described as an extensive
and powerful Raee, of Europe, and as constituti-ng some of
its first inhabitants, The ancient Greeks appear to have
placed them almost alone, in our western continent, which
they distinguished by their name. Ephorus dividing the
world into four parts, allotted , the VVestern to the Celtae.
Strab. L. i..

 

