{efflata mst‘

the analysis of those waters3 but I never shall
cease to admire his talentS‚ 10 venerate his
learni11g‚-or 10 65166111 and lovothe unde-
viating integrity of 1115 1111110111165, and of
his life.

T lze Societgsfor Literczrgs cmndS‚ ean receive
no additional credit froin one of the numerous
individuals whom they have eherished and
sustained 111 3(11’61’511165, like those whieh have
depressed 1116 ; but the delieacy‚ as well as
the munificence of their conduct by 1110, (16-
mands of 1116, as a debt of honour, which I
cannot withhold, that I should mark 10 the
world so beneficenta system of liberality as
theirs. I have received, as an encourage-
mcnt of this work, and of 1116 nister, two
successive donations from them, in actual
paylnent8‚ conferred upon me by the unani-
mous vote of their 60111111111665, and recom-
mended by 1116 111051 obli ging curtesy of man-
11615, 111 their Secretary's letters 10 1116.-
VVherever that, society is known, and where

its good offiees have been seit, in blessings

